Add possibility to pass exposureClassName parameter (#869)
kyma-project/control-plane: components/schema-migrator/README.md

```
make verify
```

## Naming convention

> We accepted timestamps with yyyyMMddHHmm format at the beginning of the file name as a standard naming convention. However, due to mistake, some of the Provisioner's migration files are named with yyyyddMMHHmm timestamp format. To ensure that new files are in right order, please follow the workaround - until the end of 2021 add 31 to the month, so use the yyyy(MM+31)ddHHmm format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Originally, we accepted timestamps with the `yyyyMMddHHmm` format at the beginning of the file name as the standard naming convention. However, due to a mistake, some of the Runtime Provisioner's migration files were named using the `yyyyddMMHHmm` timestamp format. **To ensure that new files are in the right order, until the end of 2021, follow the workaround `yyyy(MM+31)ddHHmm` pattern, which adds 31 to the month number.**
```
